in the narrow streets of Janine's
crowded refugee camp Israeli soldiers
and Palestinian gunmen fight Street to
Street and house to
house explosives are used to Punch walls
into homes so soldiers can cut through
them into Alleyways and take on the
Palestinian Fighters tens of thousands
of people live amidst the
fighting then the military calls in its
machinery for Collective
punishment the bulldozers rip up the
tarmac on the main streets damaging
water mains and electricity cables below
it's a new type of collective punishment
that Israel has recently been inflicting
on Palestinians in the West Bank roads
houses and infrastructure any picture of
a martyr annoys them they would
instantly knock off a wall that has a
picture of a martyr or a shop door or a
roundabout they take it out on anything
the aim is to create damage
raids have long been a fact of life for
Palestinians living under occupation
before October the 7th they averaged 12
a day across the West Bank but now they
average 40 a day this raid on Janine was
the biggest there's been since the Hamas
attack on
Israel and the Israeli military says it
found an underground tunnel with primed
explosives Israel will always say that
it's targeting what it calls Palestinian
terrorists but here they'll tell you
that the violence and ferocity of these
raids is something new maybe it's an
opportunity to deal with unfinished
business and weaken Palestinian fighting
groups as much as possible while
everyone else is focused on what's
happening in
Gaza Bernard Smith Al jazer Janine in
the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer